budget phones are fun because pretty
much with all of them if you poke around
hard enough you will find the thing that
they had to cut corners on you'll find
the thing that they trimmed back to get
it to be a budget phone and so for
picking one for you it's just a matter
of like picking the one that makes the
tradeoffs that you're okay with like
maybe you love you got to have good
build quality and cameras well then
iPhone SE is probably a good one for you
and then you know you're not going to
get a great screen or battery life or
things like that or maybe you got to
have a great big screen Samsung makes
the Galaxy a54 or maybe you got to have
good software and cameras pixel 7A this
phone is 350 bucks and this this is the
designer
[Music]
one so this phone is not going to win
anyone over with raw specs it's not
going to win by having the best camera
or the best battery life of any budget
phone the performance isn't going to
blow you out of the water but you could
definitely argue that it's the prettiest
$350 phone so nothing has had this
transparent aesthetic going for a while
with their phones and then also the
earbuds this one definitely also has
that there's also a white version of
this I think it looks better uh it also
has like black buttons so it's kind of
this nice contrast but you know dark
version looks cool too and honestly if
the mission is to look like a nothing
phone and not be mistaken for anything
else then yeah Mission definitely
accomplished the dual cameras in the
middle near the top is pretty unique
kind of like a pair of eyes maybe and
the NFC coil actually surrounds the
cameras then there are three bars of
LEDs making a glyph design around the
camera Circle again then it's kind of
this split design the bottom half is
like a PCB inspired look apparently
inspired by the New York City subway map
and nothing's already shown people this
like there's been some reactions to the
design already some people love some
people actually hate it I don't know
it's a bit asymmetrical so it's
unconventional for sure but I think it's
nice not going to lie but even if you
don't like it at least you can say it's
at least somewhat visually interesting
you know there's some textures there's
some exposed screws and some text and
that little red square it's not
functional it's just purely to look cool
so I appreciate that and if you do like
this look but have maybe a more boring
phone that you're not willing to give up
then Channel sponsor dbrand has you
covered with their something skins so if
you haven't heard of it already dbrand
has performed some and these are their
words not mine creative plagiarism on
nothing's whole design language both in
light mode and dark mode so I'll leave a
link below if you want to check those
out but guess what it's an extremely
competitive price bracket so you you get
a good- looking phone but you still will
have to make some sacrifices to get it
so first of all it's clear plastic not
glass at the back which you know I'm
sure Zach will get to this phone at some
point but I think it'll be easier to
scuff and scratch but harder to shatter
like glass would be so but I think it's
a reasonable trade-off it's also a
textured plastic frame as well so it
looks like aluminum but it's this
plastic all the way around the phone to
the point where this phone actually ends
up feeling surprisingly light in the
hand for how big it is but we should we
should just get to that this is a huge
it's a jumbo siiz phone it's gigantic
some people might not love that but I
think a lot of people like really big
screens and you get the natural
advantages that come with a big phone
which is a big battery and a big screen
so this is a relatively giant 6 7 in
display corner to corner it's it's
literally Ultra phone size and it gets
pretty bright too so definitely not
Flagship bright because we have some
crazy numbers these days but 1300 nits
Peak brightness is very visible in
bright indoor lighting and bezels are
even all the way around the front of the
phone so aesthetically I have no
complaints and then even at this price
it's AMOLED it has an optical
fingerprint reader under the glass its
variable refresh rate up to 120 HZ and
it even has 2160 HZ pwm dimming so if
you don't like the back of this phone at
least the front of it that you're
actually looking at all the time is
pretty impressive for 350 bucks but I'd
say an even bigger strength of this
phone is battery life so battery always
comes from like three main things
basically obviously having a huge
physical battery also good software and
an efficient chip we'll get to the
software but this phone has a 5,000 mlia
battery that's literally bigger than
their Flagship phones from nothing so
really big battery it doesn't have
wireless charging but it it does have 45
wat wire charging which is pretty good
that's zero to full in an hour and the
chip it's running is this little thing
called the mediatech dimensity
7200 Pro so this was my biggest question
mark actually going into testing this
phone because you know how nothing
teases the specs and stuff ahead of time
so we find out it's a mediatech chip and
I'm not sure if this one's going to
perform the way I've been used to some
other phones like they're showcasing all
these you know specifically handpicked
benchmarks Mar results of course they
will but conveniently they only compare
it to a 2-year-old nothing phone 1 which
had that mid-range 778 G+ from Qualcomm
now I'm not expecting Flagship stuff for
350 bucks but like what what's it going
to land at this feels like a make or
break part of the phone and I've been
pleasantly surprised now it's not going
to win any prizes with raw specs and I
definitely don't think it'll earn
anybody's money with the benchmark
scores alone you look at those numbers
you're like okay not a total shock here
but as far as actual performance when
you use the phone the way I'd put it is
it's respectable and I really feel like
that is a testament to the software and
how well it's working together so at
this point we're on nothing OS 2.5 on
top of Android 14 and you already have
seen nothing phone software with the
dots and the aesthetic and all that
stuff but it's clean there's no bloat
Weare and there is a solid focus on fast
and smooth it kind of feels like a like
a throwback to the the old OnePlus magic
back in the day but with regular use
this phone is quite smooth and snappy
sometimes the fingerprint reader
shutters a little bit like when you're
first unlocking but for the most part if
you're just using the phone doing stuff
like messaging or flipping through a
couple apps email web browsing taking
your pictures this is a smooth phone
it's pretty similar to what they did
with the nothing phone one with the 778
it's it's very solid with everyday use
and the second you try to do super
high-end stuff like gaming then you'll
see where the benchmarks come up short
where you start dropping frames and all
that but again this is a
$350 phone and I am definitely not
complaining about that now nothing has
had some time now to build up their
aesthetic and their identity and what
they really want a nothing phone to be
and I got to say they have a lot of
unique really identifiable things going
on here that you may like or dislike but
they're all here so aesthetically
they've got the dots everywhere so the
stock apps have this dots aesthetic and
the thin font go with it the back arrow
in Android is made of these dots and
they have this extensive built out
selection of nothing widgets now most of
them with the dots theme as well so you
can have this very consistent home
screen aesthetic and then there's other
little stuff like you can enlarge a
single app icon to fill up four spots on
your home screen for a unique home
screen grid I don't know you might be
into that there's also this nice little
animation with the folders on the home
screen also this new thing which lets
you add a glass effect to your wallpaper
so it's blurred behind your home screen
for better visibility I actually really
like that there's also AI wallpapers now
so you can jump into the wallpaper
studio and create the most soulless
combo art the world has ever seen in
just a few Taps there's also third-party
icon pack support on the home screen
with instant OneTouch previews and then
of course the glyphs so this phone still
has some lights on the back it's less
lights than the flagship than the the
phone 2 but about the same amount of
function it so there's one vertical
light on the right and a small one down
here on the bottom left and then the big
top one arcing around the top left this
is the one that works with the glyph
countdown timer maybe you'll find that
useful the blinking notification glyph
when your phone is down I still wish I
could just customize it a little bit
more I know they don't want to do RGB
but if this was RGB I would totally have
different colors light up for different
app notifications and I would go to town
with that but you know it still works
with just white lights and it also does
music visualization
to syn up with any music coming out of
the speaker
so I don't
know sure obviously some of this stuff
is gimmicks some of this you may find
useful like once or twice I almost never
use the countdown clock but the one time
I use it it's kind of cool side note I
couldn't get the glyph composer to work
at all on this phone the UI worked but
it didn't light up the lights on the
back but you know on super close-up
photos maybe the glyph fill flash is
decently useful sometimes useless other
times but hey while we're on the subject
the camera the cameras on the back here
are serviceable like it it's just
practical to have cameras on the back of
your phone and these they're not good
but they're fine I always feel like we
go into budget phone reviews kind of
knowing okay this isn't going to have
cameras that blow me away it's not going
to be as interesting to test these but
you got to test them anyway and see what
they're made of so this has a different
new 50 megapixel primary camera on the
back and it has the same Ultra wide
camera as the nothing phone 2 and
actually also the same selfie camera and
look it can take okay pictures all right
passible pictures I know 50 megapixels
is a big number but here's what I'll say
at this level even in great lighting the
photos aren't particularly sharp the
dynamic range or depth of field aren't
amazing like you're not buying this
phone to take the greatest most artistic
photos and videos the world has ever
seen but what you do need is for it to
be serviceable to be quick enough for
autofocus to work for it to capture a
moment document scanning video calls
sharing photos with people and it does
all that and it's totally fine and I
can't complain and really what's left a
bigger imprint on me using this is that
compared to their other Flagship phones
almost all of the features are still
here like the only one I'm not actually
seeing on this budget version of the
phone is macro mode and that that theme
of keeping a lot of the stuff from the
more expensive phones and not doing
these like artificial Cuts that's what
feels good about this phone as a budget
phone to me it it actually feels like
they're trying to give people all of the
nothing phone experience for less money
now we definitely can't say it's one to
one there's obviously Cuts especially
with Hardware like there's no wireless
charging like I said it's ip54 instead
of ip68 it's plastic instead of glass
and aluminum but I like that once you
start to get to use the phone especially
with the software features
experience-wise I don't feel nearly as
many artificial feeling Cuts as we've
seen on other phones like there's no PR
mode in the camera that's missing from
the budget phone uh all the same
advanced settings the experimental
features all the home screen features
with nothing OS it's all here on this
cheaper phone and the crazy part to me
is like they obviously want to compare
this to a a lower end phone so they they
compare it to the phone one and my
natural instinct is like I'm ignoring
that of course they're comparing it to
the old phone but when you actually look
at that 2-year-old phone you kind of see
how far they've come and you look at the
things that are actually better about
this budget phone this nothing phone 2A
has a bigger brighter screen with
thinner bezels it has a larger battery
with faster charging a higher processor
clock speed a higher resolution front
camera and a wider variety of refresh
rates than the phone one like no wonder
they want to show us the phone one but
in general if you're looking for the
tldw yes this is a good solid all-around
budget phone uh and the way nothing has
been tracking with software it appears I
mean they're promising three years of
Android updates with this phone I think
this will be a good budget phone to own
for the next couple years well done
nothing well done thanks for watching
catch you guys in the next one peace